why do you have to get so bent out of
shape I know how you feel mad Oh
you haven't got a clue how I feel Tai
you're acting like such a jerk who you
calling a jerk
jerk what could you've been thinking you
knew she was sick what's the matter you
chicken that's it
sorry TK but I have to do this he's got
to be taught a lesson and fat hmm
here take this
sorry blondie
Wow
Meredydd like that police work
matter
go I know I shouldn't watch this but I
can't take my eyes off it's all my fault
ty huh ty you're right
huh thanks man I needed that sure any
time I'll do it again I'd really
appreciate that you will bow down before
me
sorry the floor is kind of dirty you
will listen to me
when you can't think of anything to say
do you always resort to fighting I guess
that's your problem you don't know when
to talk and when to fight now's a good
time to talk on the other hand it's also
a good time to fight
remind me where we left off the next
time I'd pummel you into oblivion I
guess I'm not as cool as I think I am
anyway let's hear it for TS really let
Kenny have it yeah that's TK okay what
do you think you're doing and in Vegas
said dude punch it mm-hmm
nah I'm tired of your big bad wolf bat
hey wouldn't do that for I need your
undivided attention
excuse me who's talking you were the
Giants it
for as it sure does hit hard we won't
I like this offer I'll never get marry
have children make millions of the stock
market I hate that I'll never be strong
enough he's going to win that's enough
of that nonsense of course you're strong
enough you're the strongest person I've
ever known sorry
why you
sorry I slapped you but you needed to
wake up